Feature/update intros (#87)
rl-institut/open_plan: docs/tool_interface.rst

Tool interface description
**************************

> The tool should enable its users to simulate a local energy system model with sector-coupling (like an industry park or a neighbourhood) and operate optimizations with constrains on it for planning purposes (not thought for operation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool should enable its users to simulate a local energy system with the possibility to include sector-coupling. This web-based tool is thought for planning purposed and not opeartion. It should allow the user to optimize its system with certain constrains.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tool should enable its users to model a local energy system (like an industry park or a district) with the possibility to include sector-coupling. This web-based tool is thought for planning purposes and not operation. It should allow the user to optimize the energy system model subject to equality constraints.
```

It is wished that this interface helps several actors with different perspectives and backgrounds to run scenarios or re-run scenarios changing only a few input parameters, compare their results with other scenarios and possibly engage in a dialogue.

One way to fullfill this wish, is to design the tool's interface collaboratively: by inviting different actors in a dialogue about the interface's functionalities before implementing the interface itself.

We start by defining a few :ref:`concepts<concepts-menu>` which come handy when describing the interface and what the users will be able to interact with and see.
One of these concepts is the :ref:`view-component-def`, it is analoguous to a building block we can use to describe (and then implement) the user interface functionalities in a modular way.

It is possible to deploy an interactive presentation of the :ref:`views<view-def>` made with the help of the :ref:`view-component-def` by following `these step <https://github.com/rl-institut/open_plan/blob/dev/website/README.md>`_

> We are welcoming feedbacks

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We welcome feedback. 
```
